CS441 Multiple Screens Game Android App

This app is a logo quiz, a game I have wanted to do since I began the course!! It has four seaprate activities and four Java classes for each activity, and the user can navigate to and from each activity screen successfully. The logo quiz is on the second activity, and in case the user is not sure how to play, the instructions are on the third page, which the user can access by clicking the 'instructions' button the game activity page. My idea for this project came from my love of the logos quiz from when I was a little girl. I love seeing brands I know while driving on the highway and guessing what they are, so I thought I'd come up with an app that does the same, with a cool twist of adding multiple screens to the application. 10/14/2019: Began to code, added a second activity and second Java class and navigated successfully between pages. 10/16/2019: Added three separate activity and java classes, added different buttons and text fields I would be using. 10/18/2019: Figured out how to add a fourth screen (activity & java class). 10/21/2019: Added a custom graphic created in Photoshop for the main activity of the app. 10/23/2019: Added GridView and an Adapter to the second activity for successful user input. 10/26/2019: Removed the custom graphic I had and began to create other logos, specific photos created as drafts. 10/27/2019: The app now works! Logo quiz functioning, able to switch between all screens even though I ran into issue earlier because I was not declaring the button first. Works now!
